ISPN-14213-re Add a statement why we provide no performance numbers (#10423)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/con_performance_metric_considerations.adoc

= Performance metric considerations
{brandname} includes so many configurable combinations that determining a single formula for performance metrics that covers all use cases is not possible.  

> The purpose of the _{PerformanceSize_docname}_ document is to provide details about use cases and architectures that can help you determine requirements for your {brandname} deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the _{sizing_title}_ is to provide details about use cases and architectures that can help you determine requirements for your {brandname} deployment.
```
Think about both docs sets:
"Infinispan performance considerations and tuning guidelines" and  "Deployment Planning and Sizing Guide document"

Author: So the titles names are different from upstream and downstream? So I need ifdef statements?
